README.md, before:

# newznab-back-from-the-dead
Newznab: Back from the dead — the ultimate revival of a Newznab-Plus indexer in 2025


C O M I N G   S O O N ! ! !

If this saved your indexer too — buy me a coffee! ☕

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/backfromthedead)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 09 28](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/067b3f7c-a407-43e8-8f8f-fca02fbd555c)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 09 51](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c1a871b5-ceda-4f57-bcc3-d406221feac7)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 10 15](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ab51cc9-3088-4369-95dc-e33ced62b786)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 17 09](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/26f8d09a-6054-4187-bac8-e3b267ad457e)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 18 25](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/99f9ad90-d715-4837-b4d1-0a70048e6f1b)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 18 05](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b18a0641-19c8-472d-97f3-e91a985ba452)

Commit message:

Add email contact to README
Added contact email for inquiries.

README.md, after:

# newznab-back-from-the-dead
Newznab: Back from the dead — the ultimate revival of a Newznab-Plus indexer in 2025


C O M I N G   S O O N ! ! !

If you are interested, drop me an email:  swisher@tuta.com

If this saved your indexer too — buy me a coffee! ☕

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/backfromthedead)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 09 28](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/067b3f7c-a407-43e8-8f8f-fca02fbd555c)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 09 51](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c1a871b5-ceda-4f57-bcc3-d406221feac7)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 10 15](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ab51cc9-3088-4369-95dc-e33ced62b786)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 17 09](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/26f8d09a-6054-4187-bac8-e3b267ad457e)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 18 25](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/99f9ad90-d715-4837-b4d1-0a70048e6f1b)

![Screenshot 2025-11-26 at 22 18 05](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b18a0641-19c8-472d-97f3-e91a985ba452)
